# guestxtechnical
Below are my answers for my technical application to GuestX
## Problem 1
My first question would definitely be why go paperless instead of going secure. Paperless communication can be harmful to business and communication between representatives and clientele. With secure communication you can have the security of protecting personal information while at the same time keeping a papertrail of communication in case any issue may arise. Unless you are trafficking drugs or doing something that needs to remain off record for ill intended purposes then having a paper trail can be vital for any possible legal issues or proceedings. If you really need paperless than I would say for small amounts of information a simple secure phonecall would suffice using an already available service like CellCrypt or in the case of email there are also services like Protonmail. If you really want paperless secure messaging than there is the option of creating an in-house messaging service but the time and money spent on something like that would be really outweigh using a currently available service by a longshot. On top of that going paperless requires a trust between the company and clientele that messages shared won't be captured on an external or onboard capture device. At that point you might as well just go with secure communication if you have that kind of trust in place because that is the same level of trust means you don't believe they will save information by conventional methods.
## Problem 3
[Solution can be found here](problem3/)
